# Team 10x - June 03 Meeting Minutes

## Table of Contents

- [Team 10x - June 03 Meeting Minutes](#team-10x---june-03-meeting-minutes)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Attendance](#attendance)
  - [Meeting Agenda](#meeting-agenda)
  - [Talking Points](#talking-points)
    - [The Recording Feature](#the-recording-feature)
    - [HTML](#html)
    - [CSS and UI](#css-and-ui)
    - [Testing](#testing)
    - [Javascript](#javascript)
  - [Administrative Notices](#administrative-notices)
  - [TODOs](#todos)
  - [Summary](#summary)

## Attendance

- [x] Alan Shapow
- [ ] Alex Pan
- [x] Audrey Fernandez
- [x] Branden Sioson
- [ ] Eric Wang
- [x] Fong Lin
- [x] Johnson Chung
- [x] Loreen Samaan
- [x] Nicholas Nurwinata
- [x] Ryan Kung
- [x] Taha Qamar

## Meeting Agenda

1. Sprint Review
2. Finishing Up the Project

## Talking Points

### The Recording Feature

Nick has created a custom HTML recording element. 

There are still questions regarding where precisely it will be inserted, but Nick conjectured that it will likely be inserted into the deck.

It is currently bugged in Safari.

### HTML

The HTML we've been working with thus far has been for static mockups - it has since been heavily updated to accomodate a more dynamic environment.

Taha did a lot of work in this regard, but was blocked with some technical issues. Initially, we wanted to prevent conflicts between components by hiding things with Shadow DOMs, but this turned out to be very complicated. We will opt for a simpler solution using careful naming conventions. 

There was no strict naming conventions, which resulted in IDs and classes to float out of sync between versions.

For instance, some developers prefer writing classes or IDs for buttons with the word `button`, and others prefer shortening it to `btn`.

Ryan is currently working on ironing this out.

### CSS and UI

The CSS and UI is currently very disjointed. 

Some version of the CSS is unstable, and there are multiple versions across the repository.

Ryan, Loreen, and Audrey are working to synchronize and polish everything in this regard.

### Testing

Big props to all who worked on testing this sprint!

We want to do multiple browser testing now. 

### Javascript

To the end user, the main feature of our app is the practice / study screen. This is not currently functional, and must be completed in the remaining time. 

## Administrative Notices

We must meet with Rashi for an interview. We can send her a DM through slack in order to set one up.

There is a CODE FREEZE on the 8th!

By Tuesday, we must complete a private and public video.

The private video will be done individually by everyone, showcasing the repo and the stuff that you individually contributed to.

The public video will feature the entire team. 

*Note: The videos are due after the code freeze, so the actual code should be prioritized prior to the video.*

## TODOs

- [ ] Practice / Study Screen must be functional.
- [ ] CSS and UI must be stable and complete.
- [ ] Naming inconsistencies must be ironed out.
- [ ] Multi-browser testing must begin.
- [ ] The voice recording feature must be debugged.

## Summary

We are approaching the end of the project! The project must be complete by Sunday, June 8th.

The study screen must be implemented, and the CSS is still under construction for most of the screens. There is also a lot of manual testing to be done.

We will also be meeting with Rashi for an interview, and creating videos (on our own and with the rest of the team) showcasing oursevles and our project.