# Team 10x - May 13 Meeting Minutes

## Table of Contents

- [Team 10x - May 13 Meeting Minutes](#team-10x---may-13-meeting-minutes)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Attendance](#attendance)
  - [Meeting Agenda](#meeting-agenda)
  - [Talking Points](#talking-points)
    - [Standup](#standup)
    - [State of Affairs](#state-of-affairs)
      - [Current Issues:](#this-week-we-have-several-issues-that-must-be-addressed)
      - [State of Testing:](#we-have-several-things-we-want-to-start-considering-when-it-comes-to-testing)
      - [State of Design:](#in-terms-of-design)
    - [Retrospective](#retrospective)
  - [TODOs](#todos)
  - [Summary](#summary)

## Attendance

- [x] Alan Shapow
- [ ] Alex Pan
- [x] Audrey Fernandez
- [x] Branden Sioson
- [x] Eric Wang
- [x] Fong Lin
- [x] Johnson Chung
- [x] Loreen Samaan
- [x] Nicholas Nurwinata
- [x] Ryan Kung
- [x] Taha Qamar

## Meeting Agenda

1. Standup
2. State of Affairs
3. Retrospective

## Talking Points

### Standup

- Nicholas Nurwinata: 
  - Issues were published and requirements were ticked off.
  - A starter flowchart is in the works.
  - No blockers reported.
- Taha Qamar:
  - Blocker: Midterms.
- Alan Shapow:
  - Worked with Eric on Card prototyping.
  - Work will continue through tomorrow.
  - Blocker: Not sure what cards should look like in terms of content.
    - RESOLVED! Use dummy text "FRONT" and "BACK" - specs will be determined on Thursday.
- No one else contributed to the standup.
  - This week, there wasn't much for everyone to do, so this was expected.

### State of Affairs

#### This week, we have several issues that must be addressed.
  - The main semantic HTML and CSS for the cards must be prototyped. 
    - Alan and Eric are currently on this!
    - See: [#13](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group-10/Flashcard-Project/issues/13)
  - Taha is currently set to work on testing and javascript.
  - We want to make sure that user inputs are good.
  - For the Javascript team, we will want to be able to take user input, and then create a component.
    - These will be turned into cards.
    - See: [#14](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group-10/Flashcard-Project/issues/14)
  - At some point, we will need mobile and rescaled layouts for the UI and UX. 
    - This is a **low priority** issue, but it must be addressed at some point prior to the final build.
    - See: [#16](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group-10/Flashcard-Project/issues/16)  
#### We have several things we want to start considering when it comes to testing:
  - We want to make sure to test that user input works.
  - We also want to make sure that, during our testing, we spend some time manually clicking around on HTML elements. 
    - Recall that this *can* be automated - but this will have to wait until the UI is stable.
#### In terms of design:
  - We want to get all of our features set - we have a general user workflow down in the UI, but we don't really know all of the hard specifications yet.
  - A starter flowchart is in the works, and will be released by Nicholas Nurwinata in the coming days.
  - Card customization will be on the agenda for Thursday.
    - We certainly want to limit what the user is capable of doing to a card, but this is a general idea and more specifics will be ironed out later.

### Retrospective

- Everyone seems okay with the current structure!
- We're trying out a pair / small-group approach, which seems to be going well.
  - We were able to mob the warmup, but the situation was messy and not sustainable, with some members getting lost along the way.
- General Schedule:
  - Thursday, we will have our longer meeting, and discuss the big stuff.
  - Tuesday, we will have a quick standup and retrospective.
  - Monday, Wednesday, Friday, we will have asynchronous "standup" check-ins!
    - If someone has nothing to report, that is okay! Please check in, and write `N/A` on the relevant parts of your check-in.
      - Checking in lets us know that you're still in the loop - even if you aren't able to work or have nothing to do at the moment.
  
## TODOs

- [ ] HTML / CSS of cards must be prototyped.
  - See: [#13](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group-10/Flashcard-Project/issues/13)
- [ ] Javascript should be written to take user input and create components from them. 
  - See: [#14](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group-10/Flashcard-Project/issues/14)
- [ ] Mobile and Rescaled Layouts should eventually be made. 
  - This is currently **low priority**.
  - See: [#16](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group-10/Flashcard-Project/issues/16)
- [ ] Hard feature specifications **must** be ironed out.
  - See: [#15](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group-10/Flashcard-Project/issues/15)
- [ ] Card Customization must be clearly defined.
  - We want to outline what a user can and can't do when creating cards.

## Summary

In this meeting, we summarized the current state of the project. There are several issues currently being addressed:
1. HTML/CSS Prototypes for Cards.
2. Javascript prototypes for taking / processing user input.
3. UI / UX design.

We have several design descisions that have yet to be made. These are on the agenda for Thursday.

During today's retrospective, the team responded positively to the current setup / schedule, which includes a major in-person meeting on Thursdays, a minor meeting on Tuesdays, and asynchronous check-ins on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays. 
